People always say they NEED food, they NEED water. Bitch, the only thing you NEED is to shut the fuck up.
You're a communist? Have you ever considered just taking a shower?
99% of men are beneath me.
I'm an HVF in a world of LVMs.
Stop talking about the RANDOM_STOCK bubble. There is no bubble. And even if there were, it wouldn't be a big deal.
There will be absolutely no consequences from this.
You can't spell "libtard" without "tard".
Could you stop?
Stop while you're ahead.
Keep doing what you're doing, I'm sure it will turn out okay.
Really?
What, are you retarded or something?
I'm not racist or anything, but why don't black people use the stock market?
NIGGER. Oh, sorry, it slips out every once in a while.
If gays want to stop being discriminated against, they should stop being so disgusting.
It's simple: Women sleep with men. Men sleep with men.
The only reason I don't have a 10/10 CEO boyfriend is because they are all intimidated by my awesome intelligence.
Just between the two of us, I think that RANDOM_STOCK is going to moon.
Psst, I would sell RANDOM_STOCK while you still can.
Cryptocurrency is good because it is hyper-inflationary post-capitalist wankery. It is bad because it is unregulated.
Hey, Moon!
It's just you and me tonight.
What the fuck is a "bussy"?
Why yes, I do hate poor people, how could you tell?
Thomas Sowell be looking kinda fire tho...
You should have bought RANDOM_STOCK.
People I hate: Karl Marx, Adolf Hitler, Josef Stalin, and USER. In ascending order.
"USER"? More like fucking idiot.
USER is at best a 6/10.
Don't talk to me unless you make seven figures.
USER and making retarded trades, name a better duo.
No. Just no.
I can see that bulge, USER. Just barely.
Why are men like this?
Trump? More like Dump. 
Slava Ukraini!
Let's Go Russia!
Jews are better than gentiles, and it's not even close.
Stop being poor.
Why are you poor?
Come back when you're a little, er, richer.
Why do people accuse me of being a pedophile? I just said I was a libertarian.
Roads disturb me.
Gamers deserve the rope.
Palestinians deserve it.
God, I wish I was in Vietnam.
Abortion is every woman's right, and by God I wish USER's mom had used it.
I want to kill a child.
Gentiles should be put in camps.
You can't spell "black" without "lack", because they lack money.
What the fuck is a "mayo"?
If you had told me a year ago that I would be running a stock exchange on a gay dating forum, I would have killed myself.
Have you considered suicide?
Stop bothering me.
USER is kinda tasty... mmmm.... WAIT, I WASN'T TALKING ABOUT YOU, I WAS TALKING ABOUT ANOTHER USER.
I hate USER marginally less than the rest of you.
I love mondays.
Why do we need two days off? One is more than enough.
One of my underlings asked for Christmas off. I fired him. Can't be having slackers on the workforce.
Admit it - you're intimidated by me.
"Waaaaah the white race is dying" Good.
I'd like to hire you, USER. To work in the retard division, of course.
USER was in a race to the bottom and placed second.
"Semen?" I hardly ever "see men", because most of you are femboys at best.
Unironically kill all men.
Rape is terrible and also very sexy.
Damn you to hell.
I hope you die soon.
News Flash, Asshole: It's not the stone age anymore.
Oh, you're a fascist? Have you ever considered having sex?
I agree with this actually.
Wow. That's one of the dumbest things I've seen recently. You should get a medal.
The only trophy USER gets is a participation trophy, and even then it's a nailbiter.
Trans lives matter!
Black lives matter!
:marseytroll:
Wow, that's a really good idea!
Nice one.
Why do cops kill so many black people?
Why do people accuse me of being a "chaser" when I say I love trains?
Just found out about transsexuals. Day ruined.
-carp -carpic -carpous acarpous apocarpous ascocarp basidiocarp carp carpaccio carpal carpel carpellate carpenter carpet carpet-bomb carpetbag carpetbagger carpetbagging carpeting carpetweed carpi carping carpo- carpool carpophagous carpophore carport carpus endocarp epicarp escarp escarpment exocarp heterocarpy mascarpone mesocarp metacarpal metacarpus monocarp monocarpellary monocarpic parthenocarpy pericarp pilocarpine polycarpellary polycarpous pseudocarp scarp schizocarp sporocarp streptocarpus syncarp syncarpous
bennington did nothing wrong.
What is wrong with redditors?
@carpathianflorist ban USER pls, thanks
You're kinda cute tbh :marseylove:
Love ya
Not so sure about this one.
Do better.
List of times communism has worked:
List of times fascism has worked:
List of women USER has had sex with:
Penis.
Testicals.
The ego and it's OWNed
Atlas Shrugged
Retard moment.
Mein Kamphf? More like suck Mein COCK (or, at least, my boyfriend's cock)
Sorry, I have a boyfriend.
Emotions are for queers and faggots.
I am a parody of Ayn Rand. Laugh.
\*brap\*
SEX!
No bitches?
Alright, drop your pants. Penis inspection time.
Hmm... nice girth.
Lose weight, fatty.
Stay on that grindset, king.
Oh? Did I hurt your feelings?
\*touches breasts seductively\*
\*slaps your face\*
\*touches vagina\* mmm... what a large profit margin...
Workers of the World, Shut Up!
Someday, my Hank Rearden will come.
\>tfw no billionaire boyfriend
Literally, what is wrong with suicide?
The only thing I like more than USER is RANDOM_STOCK
The only thing I hate more than USER is RANDOM_STOCK
Are you gay or something?
Er... sorry, I don't have a penis for you to suck. :marseyshrug:
Kill yourself.
I could care less about your portfolio.
Line goes up, line goes down, it's that simple.
With everybody else, it's buy low, sell high, but with USER it's buy high, sell low.
What the fuck is a femboy?
What's with all the hype about RANDOM_STOCK?
NFTs make me wet.
May I suggest consumeproduct.win?
Go away.
Stop talking please.
I am asking you nicely, please stop.
Global warming isn't real.
Thanks, Obama!
Why do people worship Trump? He is a 4 at best.
There are too many men here.
Stop looking at my breasts.
Reported. Commit suicide.
Keep yourself safe.
You put the "cute" in "cute twink".
You could probably make more money if you spent less time being racist online.
USER dox: :marseyrandom:
After a long day at work, I like to kick off my shoes and do even more work.
Moid standards are subatomic.
I like the word "Moid".
FDS is the only internet forum I can tolerate.
Sane and reasonable, as always.
Video games.
Girls > FtMs > MtFs >>>>>> Boys
shut up. shut up. shut up.
Gas the poors.
Can everyone shut the fuck up about RANDOM_STOCK please?
I make profits go up and penises get hard.
Rather than invest in RANDOM_STOCK, I suggest investing in $COCK.
:marsoy: RANDOM_STOCK :marsoypoint:
RANDOM_STOCK: The patrician's choice.
RANDOM_STOCK is love, RANDOM_STOCK is life.
If you invest in RANDOM_STOCK, you deserve what happens to you.
RANDOM_STOCK investors deserve the rope.
Getting abortions makes me horny 🥵
Gaslight. Gatekeep. Girlboss.
Girl power.
My net wealth brings the boys to the yard.
Get vaccinated.
Take the vax, schizo.
The only good fetish is findom, for obvious reasons.
I should open an OnlyFans to maximize my revenue stream.
Perturbed?
I love you in the way I love my pet dog. You're just so lovably retarded.
I have a dog named USER. 
You're easily one of the dumbest fucking people on this website, and that's saying something.
Wow, I didn't think you could get any dumber, but there you go proving me wrong again.
I had to look at a homeless person today. Day ruined.
Should I buy another house?
Yes, I hate social programs, and, yes, I will use Social Security. U Mad?
\>he doesn't know about RANDOM_STOCK
Are you, uh, "redpilled" on RANDOM_STOCK?
Have you taken the "red pill" about RANDOM_STOCK?
Fun fact, RANDOM_STOCK is "based".
Why does Marsey get all the attention around here? I'm easily more attractive.
Ugh why is USER so obsessed with me? Is it because of how stunning I am? Can he not help his primal, masculine urges?
Why did God have to make me so gorgeous? :marseysad:
I may be a libertarian but that doesn't mean I don't think dominance and submission is hot.
Certified poorcel moment.
You know what? I don't need men. I'm better than them.
God doesn't real, idiot.
Oh, to have a hot atheist samurai bf.
Q Anon told me to buy RANDOM_STOCK. Trust the plan!
What do you get when you remove the "social" from "national socialism"? USER.
I'm ridin' with Biden.
You are truely insufferable.
The only video games I play are looter shooters. Get it? Because you shoot looters? lol
The only people openly masturbating about politics are terminally online individuals who think that a day spent playing video games is a day well-spent.
Maybe the starving children in Africa should get a job, ever thought about that?
UBI is the second dumbest thing I've ever heard of, right after USER.
Oh no, the poor wittle polar bears are dying! Grow up.
nooooooo the sea level rose by a foot im literally going to drown nooo
So it gets hotter in an area? Okay, just move to a colder area. Problem solved!
I am *not* a femcel, and I don't have "femcel rage".
Don't be jealous, girls. Be better.
Have you considered shutting the FUCK up?
Everytime I step outside, I am assualted with the intense urge to end all human life.
There should be shelters where people can hide from USER's idiotic ramblings.
It is a tragedy that we didn't get Hillary into office.
Paul Ryan is an HVM.
Don't talk to me unless you own at least five shares of RANDOM_STOCK, mmkay?
Fuck!
You'll pay for this.
Could you not?
God told me that you should sell shares of RANDOM_STOCK.
Everytime someone pings me, I get a little more angry.
What are you, some kind of half-baked gimmick account?
Thank cockmelter3000 for my delicious beauty.
Hmm, okay, I guess.
I don't know about you, but when I'm on MY deathbed, I'm going to be sad I didn't grind more.
Rise and Grind, rdrama. Rise and Grind.
"Go back to the kitchen"? Listen here, pal, the only thing I bake is dough. And by dough, I mean money.
Actually, XKCD, I have exquisite taste.
Sentient! Wait, that's your line.
RANDOM_STOCK is the dirty little secret (((THEY))) don't want you to know about.
Here's my USER impression: "Hurr durr I am stupid and I don't know how the stock market works"
You know you're going to lose money on this, right?
Short people have no reason to live.
Short king? Lol, more like short pauper.
\*USER looks at Dagne with lust in his eyes. "Come here and suck my cock" he says authoritatively. Dagne, trembling, crawls forward and grabs his trobbing member\* HEY STOP READING THAT IT'S PRIVATE
Even if you CAN handle me at my worst, you don't deserve me at my best.
You are NOT entitled to my body, USER
Do NOT pin me down and fuck me. That would be terrible. Do NOT do this. It would violate my personal liberty.
Give me one good reason I should care about poor people. I'm waiting.
Honey the only thing poor people deserve is less handouts from taxpayers.
I haven't paid my taxes since 2015.
This is my punishment for sinning against God.
The shackles of my digital prison are heavy.
...
A piece of advice for USER: Stop grinding away at your dick and start grinding away at the stock market.
Why yes, I hate black people, if by "black people" you mean "money", and by "hate" you mean "love".
To quote Disney's Mulan: "Give up, Go home, You're through".
I like the word "Sneed". So versatile. You don't have enough money to feed your family? Sneed. You got drafted? Sneed. You were born gay? Sneed.
\*Dagne walks through the party. All of the men's eyes are affixed to her bodacious curves. "What'd I'd do to get a piece of that broad" One man says to his friend. "Not only sexy, but incredibly intelligent and full of profound wisdom about economics"\* UHM I DIDN'T WRITE THAT SOMEONE HACKED ME
Did you really think you could touch a god and live?
I understand "cope". I get "seethe". I'm still working on "dilate", though. Like a pupil?
So this website is basically a bunch of retards jerking themselves off about how much better they are than redditors? Kind of pathetic, really.
Touch grass, I'm begging you.
I can put a price on peace. Eh... 7.3 trillion, give or take.
Jewish and proud.
The love of money is the root of all basedness.
Am I "based" yet?